It is a lovely sunny morning.
Daddy pig is driving to work in his car.
Breakfast time, Goldie.
Mummy pig is feeding Goldie the fish.
Mummy, Goldie isn’t eating.
Oh, maybe she’s not feeling very well.
Let’s phone Doctor Hamster the vet.
Doctor Hamster the vet speaking.
Hello, Doctor Hamster.
Goldie fish is not eating.
And she looks sad.
Oh, you better bring
Goldie to see me right way.
Oh, Daddy took the car.
How do we get to the vet?
We can take the bus.
Oh, goody!
This is the bus stop.
The timetable says the
next bus will be here at 10 o’clock.
What time is it now?
10 o’clock.
Hurray!
How many tickets?
One Mummy ticket and two little piggies.
And one fish please.
The fish goes free.
Hold tight!
Mr. Bull is waiting for the bus.
Moo… One ticket to the music shop please.
Hello, Mr. Bull. We
are taking Goldie to the vet.
Oh, dear! Feeling poor, aren’t Goldie?
She can’t talk. She is a fish.
Of course. Eh…
Maybe she’d like
to hear a tune on my tuba.
It sounds funny.
That’s why I’m going to
the music shop to get it mended.
Woo!
Mrs. Sheep, Mrs. Cat,
Mr. Zebra and Madame Gazelle
have got on the bus.
Four tickets to the supermarket, please.
Hello, Madame Gazelle,
we’re taking Goldie to the vet's.
Oh, is Goldie not well?
She likes you！
The wheels on the bus go round and round,
round and round, round and round,
the wheels on the bus
go round and round, all day long!
Supermarket!
Bye!
Music shop!
Last stop, the vet!
The vet helps sick pets get better.
Ah, is this the sad little fish that won’t eat?
Yes, watch this!
Goldie is eating the food.
Oh, she didn’t eat at home.
Maybe Goldie was bored at home.
The interesting journey has cheered her up.
Oh~
You have a very healthy,
happy fish. She’s lovely.
Thank you, Doctor Hamster.
Mummy pig, Peppa and
George are going home on the bus.
Mr. Bull is going
home with his mended tuba.
It is just as good as new!
Hehe……
Madame Gazelle and her friends
are going home with their shopping.
I see Goldie the fish is happy again.
Yes, it was the bus
ride that made her better.
The fish in the bowl
swims round and round, round
and round, round and round,
the fish in the bowl swims
round and round, all day long!
Haha……
Hello, where have you been?
We took Goldie to
the vet. And now she is better.
Oh dear, Goldie has a cough.
I think we should take
Goldie to the vet again tomorrow.
I can drive you in the car.
No, Daddy. We want
to go on the bus. It’s fun!
Okay, we will go on the bus.
Hurray!
Everyone loves going
on the bus, especially Goldie the fish.
The fish in the bowl
swims round and round,
round and round, round
and round, the fish in the bowl
swims round and round, all day long!